SCOUT = Facilitates the testing for the testing center

Web based program "Scalability" and wide use not using too much bandwidth


Bud Wood and John Dexter - Original Programers - PIC Basic - Both Retired

20 years to get to this point.

Current competetor is excelsoft - they are currently buliding a small portion of
their lms program to help the academic discovery center. They are able to tweak
it to meet the needs of the university. They should be able to integrate it into
iLearn.
Has compiler that will able to run code in a "sand box" enviroment.

The purpose of the TC is to save class time, and to enable students to take as
long as they need for tests, and allow teachers to teach more, and not waste
time.

Afformitave - quizes - System can keep track of these assesments for teachers


Summative - tests/finals - need TC to do these tests


Problems:
1. Paper Pencil Exams - TC wants to go to computer based exams for:
                        Security, Randomized question order, analysis,

2. SCOUT only prints a cover sheet (glorified time stamp) for computer based
tests. Is able to print tests on demand, and also will keep track of what tests
have been printed. It knows how many ppl are taking the tests.

3. iLearn has to go.

4. Any system that governs the testing center should have assement capabilities
5. We dont want to over schedule and make it a problem (focus on closing date,
                                                              most students take
                                                              tests on closing
                                                              day)
5. Program needs to be able to know the schedule
6. No method of control for Finals week
7. System needs to keep track of results and immediate results
8. I-Card vs I-Num Only thing is that we need a picture identification (query
                                                                        school
                                                                        db)
9. Needs to be able to export back into Gradebook
10. Needs to be able to study how the test works (Pshycometrics)
11. Give student feedback on how they are doing
12. Immediate feedback can be given through a iLearn app that uploads score and comments
13. Proctor online students


Factors of lines
1. Not enough Computers (70) to administer tests (Surface Pros eventually to be used)
2. Peak time (students seem to mass at the same time) - Schedule times to take tests

Regarding overflow centers:
1. What type of test needs to be faciliated: Computer or Paper
2.


Test Process (Paper) -> Faculty (create exam) -> submitted (w/Key) to TC -> Assistant
will (Schedule it, Get paperwork to get it into system Sis. Grover) -> Gloria
Horrocks (Enters test information into SCOUT 19 step process) -> put on wall of
tests

Online
Faculty -> Kevin

Scheduling, Testing, And Score Delivery, and Analytics

Remote proctor password allocation -> Need to know Who is Taking it, What they
are taking, and the password

How can we effectively use time scheduling to schedule times and manage the
natural man?

Assign seats, so no two test are close together

Program --- Purpose
1. Power Point - Test Schedule
2. Exam Stat - Psychometrics
3. Java Applet - Picture Lookup
4. PHP - Website/Score Board
5. EMS - ADA(Disability) Scheduling - What things should they be allowed to have?
6. DOS - Jenzebar import(student/fac/course info)
7. Outlook - Communications
8. SCOUT - Test Entry/Delivery/number keeping/records
